doc(backup): manually synchronize backup volumes (#908)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.2/snapshots-and-backups/backup-and-restore/synchronize_backup_volumes_manually.md

---
title: Synchronize Backup Volumes Manually
weight: 6
---

> A backup volume corresponding to the volume of the backup will be created after the backup is created. Typically Longhorn will pull and update all backup volumes with a fixed interval [Backupstore Poll Interval](../../../references/settings#backupstore-poll-interval). Since Longhorn v1.6.2, we provide a way to synchronize backup volumes manually.

Author: Modified. Thanks

> > **Prerequisite:** A backup target must be set up and it has backups. For more information, see [Set the BackupTarget](../set-backup-target). If the BackupTarget has not been set or there is no backup volumes, you'll be presented with an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important:** You must set up a [backup target](../set-backup-target) and verify that a backup volume was created before attempting to synchronize. Longhorn returns an error when no backup target and backup volume exist.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks

> To synchronize all backup volumes manually,
> 
> 1. Navigate to the **Backup** menu.
> 2. Click **Sync All Backup Volumes.**.
> 
> To synchronize a backup volume manually,
> 
> 1. Navigate to the **Backup** menu.
> 2. Select the backup volume you wish to synchronize with the backup target.
> 3. Click **Sync Backup Volume.**.
> 
> **Result:** The backup volume is synchronized. To see it, click the link of the backup volume on the **Backup** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Synchronize all backup volumes:

  1. On the Longhorn UI, go to **Backup**.

  1. Click **Sync All Backup Volumes**.

- Synchronize a single backup volume:

  1. On the Longhorn UI, go to **Backup**.

  1. Select a backup volume.

  1. Click **Sync Backup Volume**.

To check if synchronization was successful, click the name of the backup volume on the **Backup** screen.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks
